Bugs-and-Suggestions-from-15.0-Feedback.md, before:

## This page is an ongoing list of important feedback from the 15.0 release.

### Bugs

 - [x] Politics filter should be updated to the following in order to match on election and not selection: |(\b)election|
 - [ ] When making a filter subscription local, clear the ID so it doesn't show "subscription" in the list
 - [ ] When marking post as read that came from Notification doesn't hide it. Here's an example: https://www.facebook.com/groups/SocialFixerUserSupport/?multi_permalinks=1079562782112602&notif_t=group_highlights&notif_id=1473128921522544
 - [ ] When hiding left column, then navigating to FB settings, it is also affected and shouldn't be
 - [ ] Comment navigator "expand all" doesn't work consistently on all posts. ex: https://www.facebook.com/Stonekettle/posts/1097609370274465

### Suggestions

 - [ ] Disable Wrench under https://apps.facebook.com/*, which includes games.
 - [ ] Add the following condition for anonymizer: *[data-hovercard*="extragetparams"]
 - [ ] The Display Tweak "Force Chat Popup To Default Colors" should also include: ._1nc6 ._d97 {background-color:#4080ff !important;}
 - [ ] Add an "X" to hide the message that filters have been disabled, which will toggle the setting in Advanced
 - [ ] "Anonymize Screen" does not anonymize friends names in chat toolbar at the right edge of the screen
 - [ ] Define a custom color for a Filter panel due to users utilizing custom themes and not being able to see the Filter Panel
   Disable Wrench under https://www.facebook.com/saved
 - [ ] Wrench choice to disable SFx
 - [ ] Post button
 - [ ] Enter key for new line
 - [ ] Option to disable lightbox
 - [ ] Option to change font size
 - [ ] Quick links (pages, groups)
 - [ ] Option to disable user hovercards
 - [ ] PAIs: option to adjust size/show all the time
 - [ ] Lock r. column tweak
 - [ ] Performance problems in Chrome (https://www.facebook.com/groups/SocialFixerUserSupport/permalink/1076649652403915/)
 - [ ] Sfx Watch-specific:
+ Explained here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/551488248212943/permalink/1339012749460485/?comment_id=1339118706116556&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R2%22%7D
+ Add an additional column called "Age" or something along those lines. Premise is that with time discussions die down, so I would like to delete posts from Watch after let's say 20 days. Instead of going to each individual post to find out how old it is, I would to have this info in the grid.
+ Allow refresh rate value to be preserved if modified from defaulted 300
 - [ ] R. click CP tab to make it open in a new browser tab
 - [ ] Shortcut to go to directly to Edit filter screen from post or CP
 - [ ] Shortcut to go to the Tweaks screen
 - [ ] KB shortcut for "mark as read"

Commit message:

Added Anonymize not working on birthday panel

Bugs-and-Suggestions-from-15.0-Feedback.md, after:

## This page is an ongoing list of important feedback from the 15.0 release.

### Bugs

 - [x] Politics filter should be updated to the following in order to match on election and not selection: |(\b)election|
 - [ ] When making a filter subscription local, clear the ID so it doesn't show "subscription" in the list
 - [ ] When marking post as read that came from Notification doesn't hide it. Here's an example: https://www.facebook.com/groups/SocialFixerUserSupport/?multi_permalinks=1079562782112602&notif_t=group_highlights&notif_id=1473128921522544
 - [ ] When hiding left column, then navigating to FB settings, it is also affected and shouldn't be
 - [ ] Comment navigator "expand all" doesn't work consistently on all posts. ex: https://www.facebook.com/Stonekettle/posts/1097609370274465

### Suggestions

 - [ ] Disable Wrench under https://apps.facebook.com/*, which includes games.
 - [ ] Add the following condition for anonymizer: *[data-hovercard*="extragetparams"]
 - [ ] The Display Tweak "Force Chat Popup To Default Colors" should also include: ._1nc6 ._d97 {background-color:#4080ff !important;}
 - [ ] Add an "X" to hide the message that filters have been disabled, which will toggle the setting in Advanced
 - [ ] "Anonymize Screen" does not anonymize friends names in chat toolbar at the right edge of the screen
 - [ ] "Anonymize Screen" does not anonymize friends names in Birthdays panel at top of right column
 - [ ] Define a custom color for a Filter panel due to users utilizing custom themes and not being able to see the Filter Panel
   Disable Wrench under https://www.facebook.com/saved
 - [ ] Wrench choice to disable SFx
 - [ ] Post button
 - [ ] Enter key for new line
 - [ ] Option to disable lightbox
 - [ ] Option to change font size
 - [ ] Quick links (pages, groups)
 - [ ] Option to disable user hovercards
 - [ ] PAIs: option to adjust size/show all the time
 - [ ] Lock r. column tweak
 - [ ] Performance problems in Chrome (https://www.facebook.com/groups/SocialFixerUserSupport/permalink/1076649652403915/)
 - [ ] Sfx Watch-specific:
+ Explained here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/551488248212943/permalink/1339012749460485/?comment_id=1339118706116556&comment_tracking=%7B%22tn%22%3A%22R2%22%7D
+ Add an additional column called "Age" or something along those lines. Premise is that with time discussions die down, so I would like to delete posts from Watch after let's say 20 days. Instead of going to each individual post to find out how old it is, I would to have this info in the grid.
+ Allow refresh rate value to be preserved if modified from defaulted 300
 - [ ] R. click CP tab to make it open in a new browser tab
 - [ ] Shortcut to go to directly to Edit filter screen from post or CP
 - [ ] Shortcut to go to the Tweaks screen
 - [ ] KB shortcut for "mark as read"
